hello and welcome to topid cast today
we're going to be witnessing Pano who is
really piano playing as the Apothecary
you know what I realized Space Marines
historically on the channel and actually
contemporarily in the
game are everywhere so I just assume
there was a mass amount of replays of
Space Marines but actually I was looking
and there
isn't thanks for Mr Tom der in the
Discord pointing that one out we've got
a bit of Space Marines not auto man the
grey kns actual normal Space Marines cuz
it has been a long time and piano is
going to be playing as the Apothecary
here generally considered the weakest of
the Space Marine Heroes at the moment
and probably has been forever really uh
certainly in 1 V one maybe not in Team
game
he's going to be facing off against the
Lord commissar of Jones Lord
commissar I think quite obviously the
best IG hero in 1 V
one but Jones doing something
exceptionally odd here not going for a
sentinel so I have to assume he's going
for some sort of weird heavy weapons
team double kachin game play maybe or
one C double heavy weapons team I'm not
sure heavy weapons team against Space
Marines feels a bit eh for me because of
the fact that you have to deal with the
infiltrating grenade throwing Scouts
potentially quite hilarious seeing the
gsman running into meley there catching
the scouts kind of out of
position so yeah fast heavy weapons team
and going to be mirrored from piano
fast fast Devastator
Squad now obviously tactical Marines are
a lot more expensive and Gman hence
Jones has the double gens already up and
piano has
none to Marines but let's see what kind
of Advantage you can make the problem is
that the Lord commissar is a lot more
impactful early on than the
Apothecary I guess this is scouting
he'll only see two gens oh he's actually
going to go for the early flamer push if
you could get the devs over here this
could be effective but obviously right
now gsman can just grab flamers in this
patch cuz I'm not on the most recent
patch yet and that would be a
problem so he's actually going to cancel
his gens that he's building here allow
the IG to potentially go for flamers and
try and rotate his devs down here to
support a gem bashing push but the
commissar is going to delay and we have
kesian on Route they're all reliable
we'll be able to do some good damage to
things in the building and if we use the
execute from the commissar you're
talking
can it wipe a Devastator Squad from full
health I'm not sure if it'll wipe it
from full health but it will do crazy
damage you see there the scouts actually
got the jump on the gsman I don't know
why the scouts just retreated they would
easily win that fight in melee okay the
Sant came fair enough it's different if
the sergeant
arrives but I just still stuck around to
force the sergeant to come and here we
go the everpresent flamers on the side
capping Gman without the sergeant you do
have to right click again though when
the new weapons come
in now we have it they're going to take
down the power Nord can just try and
repair it whilst
shooting bit slow on that obviously the
flamers would out DPS it
anyway yeah they got to get away from
them flamers Scouts will get roasted but
the Tactical Marines did quite well down
here use the Garrison to force off the
Lord commissar bash both of the Jens
Jones is going to replace them Jens and
and piano has got a split farm so he's
had his natural decapped apare is doing
quite nice there going to force off
these Guardsmen they can't take the
Garrison against him because of the
flame attacks rotating over so Scouts
can do their capping but now we've got a
problem we've got kishan and heavy
weapons team rotating down this side to
the now primary power Farm of piano and
he's departing is he just going to seed
that he's kind of caught with his pants
down here sort of dragged left and
right the IG player all over the map so
those flamer guard did get forced off
bit of a shame really it' have been
better if they could have got in the
building and keep putting pressure on on
that
side tactical Marines getting tied up by
the Lord Comey right now but honestly
yeah you've got the heavy Bolter
covering this angle anyway so not
sure yeah the comei doesn't need to be
in melee with a attack there
got the suppression kish's going to go
into melee now they're going to rotate
over try and deal with the scouts kind
of whiff their Old Reliable right there
hitting the wall instead Kish do have to
be careful of the flamer as you can see
it does a tremendous amount of damage to
them because of how much they blob all
their models and there you go you got
the 11 one one build out of piano here
he's got his ASM out and that will
counter the heavy weapons team and that
is why I expected from Jones either two
Kish one heavy weapons team or two heavy
weapons teams and one C if you lay you
have weapons team then they won't be so
easily countered by the ASM and of
course cish are the best counter to ASM
in the IG roster so you have two k you
also will be less vulnerable to
ASM with the current composition and no
Sentinel honestly might be an idea to go
sanguin chains sword on the AO I know
that piano right now is kind of
struggling really bad when it comes to a
lack of
power but it would be so effective itive
increasing his damage by A Lot 25 to 40
DPS is a pretty gigantic rise healing
him so that he doesn't take any damage
really from shotguns and Las guns whilst
he's in melee and giving him increased
charge range as well so he gets into
melee to tie up these threets and to
circumvent potentially the heav weap
steam as well could be quite good the
problem right now for piano is that he
is quite behind in Tech he has failed to
get his generators online as fast as
Jones and even though Jones did have two
of his generators bash Jones replaced
those gens really quickly compared to
piano and Jones had the gens up sooner
because remember tactical Marines are
more expensive than Guardsman so the
result is Jones is now going tier two
and piano is nowhere near he actually
has the power but he doesn't have the
wreck which is quite odd I guess cuz
he's just had to replace these gens
remember he spent 25 over here and he
spent 30 here and then 50 uh 45 on the
ASM so quite a lot more well actually
Jones now has has pretty much matched
him with these two War gear
purchases both of them tactical Marines
and the G and both got flamers so that's
similar but you can see the over
investment from piano is generally
proving quite effective right now you
can see how the mini map is turning more
and more
blue if you can get a little gem bash in
here piano then he'll be in a very good
position I don't know if he's going to
be able to though he's currently losing
more gens which is not
ideal but there's nothing really to stop
him kishan are pretty much counted by
the flame attack so that's a good
situation for
him ao's going to come back out and get
on the natural
VP this is a bit of a problem this Power
sword
commissar is quite brutal against the
ASM going to go in or not they don't
want to fight the power sword and they
there's nothing really to defend at this
point because he's already lost the n
and
gen
Assa trying to get the Arc of Fire from
the Devastators there to protect the ASM
from the
commissar yeah there you go that's all
right and potentially wipe here on the
heavy weapons team tactical Marines and
retreat they got a wipe haven't they
there's another jump from the asm2
doesn't even need it
nice yeah good was a good setup there
that's potentially a big deal because
that could have been a last Cannon to
deal with a Razer back or an assault
cannon dreadnut from
piano Chimera is the purchase for
Jones he is a head in Tech so it makes
sense but yeah Kim against the I hate
this man that they just swap out to
plasma guns it's so
dumb so glad that's getting
changed it's really
overpowered cuz yeah Cera only piercing
damage vehicle of course as all
transports are other than the Falcon
it's not that effective against Marines
while we already have the last cannon
that was quite fast yikes oh just
skirted around the Ark of fire right
there going to have to get out of here
though the Chimera it would be scary
because of the potential of a missile
what the [__] was that range holy [__]
it must have been just on the edge there
as the last Cannon wound up its shot wow
that's
mental right Gman you've got some duties
to do get over here and repair your damn
Chimera if he gets the double plasma gun
you know he will be able to trade quite
well here wow piano going for a
whirlwind that is crazy what the
[__] I do not recall the last time I
seen a whirlwind 1 V one I don't
actually think it is a bad idea really
the extra Spike damage could be all he
needs really to take out the Chimera and
it's a good map for it with the
elevation and stuff you can hide up here
and shoot down and be a pain in the
ass and certainly you can stop people
from capping this VP remember no
Sentinel if there was a sentinel you
would definitely not go for the
Whirlwind cuz the Sentinel would just
get the missile launcher and kill you
Whirlwind in four shots or two and a
half to the rare armor that'd be
terrible but there's no Whirlwind look
at this instead you've got an absolute
gaggle of Guardsmen running around and
the Whirlwind doesn't do any friendly
fire so this is pretty effective but
plasma gun's very effective as well
against the ASM no heal from the airport
what's that all about finally picked up
a mass crafted Bolter there on the PO
carry but yeah the gasman just
reinforced off the Chimera and you're in
trouble nothing actually to deal with
the Chimera in the back lines there but
it you know it does feed XP to your
Space Marines and it does bleed the
requisition of your pH
now we have two fully upgraded Guardsman
so these got the sge and the commissar
and that means that they're actually
quite high in pop but ironically if we
look at the pop cap still only 49 pop
right now for Jones and 70 for piano so
there you go Space Marines very high in
pop so let's have a look at the wreck
income yeah well in spite of it wreck
income right now looking quite good for
piano but that's because he's got this
contested giving him plus 25 and this
contested giving him plus 30 so if Jones
can get that under control he might be
in a good situation I was going to say
he might want to get some Storm Troopers
he could honestly consider just getting
a default Gman Squad as well and just
running around capping with that but
it's going to go for the ogens he is a
lord commissar so he could get the over
of discipline with those ogens and that
would make them much more durable as
long as they can maintain close
proximity to the Lord
commissar we'll see we'll see how they
do obviously tactical Marines themselves
can get a plasma gun just like the gsman
and that could be quite scary for orens
but on its own it's not going to be that
bad
b car could get the power ax but he's
already gone for the Bolter so yeah
maybe this is a good idea it's kind of
annoying that the Whirlwind will knock
these guys over though accept
deat this is nice though just farming
Gman with your your Bolter Apothecary
giving your Apothecary potentially quite
a large increase in
XP though he doesn't seem to be killing
any for some
reason picks up armor Purity bit more HP
wow that's actually quite a large HP
regen increase with the AO I didn't
realize it was so high what the [__] I
think that's a little bit overtuned well
whatever Apothecary sucks apparently so
uh can't really
complain still feel like sanguin would
have been
better like in that instance there would
have lost attack cuz the air for would
have just charged in with sanguin and
tied up one of the plasma
Guardsmen them
us right what we got here we got orens
inside the Kera yeah we do so they're
going to get out and start attacking the
Whirlwind but there is a last Cannon
Devastator right now buffed by the
librarian with
quickening oh actually used
his um thing in the wrong direction
really
should have used the force barrier this
way to knock over the orens and then the
wlnd could have drove through it and
escaped oh that was a bit of a [__] up
yeah commad just tied up the last Cannon
Ogen stuck out the Whirlwind nice
little Vanguard attack there by the the
orens out of the Chimera
cool wow he's replacing the Whirlwind I
am surprised at that en Scouts doing
their job down here nicely let's see if
Jones has just sent them onto the VP and
then risk getting grenaded if he's not
paying attention now he's watching
that's all right yeah he's got it so all
right he's got it he's watching cuz
let's face it he's not fighting anything
over here but he is
capping wow bionic ey over the aura of
discipline right now
[Music]
interesting Scout still in play you can
see here the scouts bols do have longer
range than the kishan shotguns so the
cadish
at max range the scouts can't fight back
so your Scouts can harass them if you
micro them didn't really micro it there
though Pio he was looking over here
instead yeah full auto is pretty nice to
control the commissar that is probably
the big advantage of the the
Bolter oh no it wasn't a whirlwind it
was a Razer back or maybe he canceled
the Whirlwind went for the Razer back I
like that yeah I like that cuz as you
can see it can tank the plasma guns
quite effectively
and bleed the gsman or not bleed the
gsman cuz it doesn't seem to be doing
any damage what the
[__] big Force barrier nice Smite that
will soften up the gsman models so you
can bleed it with your your razor
back probably going to want to get a
plasma gun at this point on your
tactical Marines though cuz those orins
are looking kind of invincible at the
moment uh I have to assume that second
orens is unintentional by Jones
surely yeah you probably just want to go
tier three at this point and get a
tank he has a AR ranged with the
sergeant and the kishan but it's
obviously not very reliable against the
transport he also has the Orin for heavy
melee also not reliable against
transport
but you kind of
want you kind of want to three ASAP
right to get the Le and that will
definitely bust the transport but you
might feel like you're under a lot of
pressure it's going to take a lot of
time to get that so you might get a last
Cannon yeah which is probably what it's
doing right now in the meantime he has
the time though because he's got 292 VPS
to the 180 of piano so he definitely has
time
to wait and get a tier three unit out
instead
Bonk Point under
contr so let's see what the plan
is it's kind of cool to see IG without
the
Sentinel I think IG is so cracked right
now
guys as long as it's not the Lord
General I think if you play an
Inquisitor or Lord commissar oh my God
those heroes are
busted I don't find them very fun to
play at the moment though which is so
sad when they used to be my main
when you learn this new
meta have not fully upgrading Gman as
soon as they're in combat and relying on
your auxiliaries your s Troopers your
orins your calans
constantly IG just becoming
soon but yeah without the Sentinel
they're certainly quite a bit
weaker that is for
sure they would be pretty terrible
against Mass melee but but of course uh
Space Marines can't do Mass
melee
dreadn okay
interesting I wonder is he going to even
bother making that assault Cannon
probably not right it's these ogens that
have been a bit of a [__] right
now just sort of avoiding them capping
around the map right now with tactical
Space Marines but his real answer to
actually hurt the Orin is a plasma gun
tactical Marine Squad which which he is
using for capping I'm not really sure
what the point of these Scouts is they
should be
capping there is a last Canon roaming
around here that did snag the Razer back
that was a weird bionic eye execute so
you can tell they they've got that
thanks to the yellow circles so extra
speed and Immunity to suppression
but I mean what the hell why did why use
it from that far out well green models
are expensive man that doesn't seem very
worth it good thing is he pushed up so
far that he seen The Dread not come out
of the base so Jones has seen that now
he's going to be going tier three I
guess that gives him a confidence he's
super far up on VP he 270 right
now
and yeah he sees the dreadnut he knows
his opponent's likely stuck in tier two
so he's got
time to uh Tech
up SAR drop for piano pretty cool I like
that
idea good against the current comp has
to
fight yeah dread not running in is going
to be scary for cians they have that
they're really vulnerable to AOE damage
and the wrist Mount flamer as well as
the splash damage on the melee attacks
is pretty scary for kishan
Devils but the IG kind of just in
stalling mode right
now wow that's a lot of damage coming in
from these gsman
tempting the kill there on the comei one
more swing from the for staff would have
got it but he was Miles off to be
honest and there you go look at all that
damage mitigated by a nice fat heal from
the AO isn't it
beautiful little bit awkward trying to
repair this dreadnut the beautiful thing
with the St guard purchase is now he's
justified in running his tax around
capping cuz he got Sterns as's a primary
range DPS in the army versus army fights
going quite deep here though piano let's
see Cam's in the
back oh that's good ID he didn't use
it librarian taking a lot of focus fire
right
now still not using the IED there's the
bionic ey but the orens get
stunned and yeah the dreadnut needs to
stay in action right now and therefore
oh wow holy [__] I think I don't think
that was an intentional Ed explosion I
think the special attack there from the
dread not blew up the IED and that
really hurt the ogin and it also killed
the Lord commissar holy crap only one
ASM model went down as well now Gman
potentially in a bit of trouble the red
Knot's not melling though
whoops okay I think it's going to run
back devastate a last cannon in the back
has persuaded the Chimera to leave and
yeah I like this by piano he's not
staying to bash the Jens it is kind of
too late for that right now he's down to
58 VPS he just needs to to be careful
right now because if he commits too much
and has his whole Army forced off he
could lose potentially 2vp he could it
could go to a 2 to zero this and this
would get caught by Jones and this would
get decapped and that could be the end
of his 58 VPS GG so he's playing it
safer the game's really late there's a
lot of power in the bank for Jones
anyway it would still help him help
piano to bash these but it it's risky
and I don't dislike that he is not
taking that risk buens are now called in
so little bit less effective against the
dread in terms of chasing it down and
killing it because they're
slower but more resilient more
HP and also when they're in melee they
will take less damage from range attacks
that's going to be changed bug fixed in
fact because it is a bug they're meant
to just take less damage from ranged
attacks period thanks to their slab
Shields that will be addressed in the
next patch so it'll be a nice buff for
them effectively going from only getting
25% damage resistance when they're
already in melee which is a little bit
late the idea is that you take less
damage when you're running into melee
not only when you're in
melee
en so they're doing their job here
they're leading the charge just being
extra
tanky piano B time with a force barrier
but not really that effective because
he's not able to Output any real range
damage whilst he's doing
it it's a shame piano isn't tier three
the noal bombardment would be beautiful
right now to grab the heavy weapons team
and one shot it and then plant some more
to try and grab the
Guardsman let's see Smite and quickening
but now that's one off so the Lian will
be taking real damage now from the
guns dreadn getting focused down by the
last Cannon nothing's tying it up I
don't know why the dreadnots
re-engaging librarian and ASM just going
to tie up the gsman but the Devastator
is too far away okay now the ASM oh they
didn't tie it up but they just Des set
up anyway which is kind of weird W cross
barer cool down is quite low isn't
it of course with the last Cannon heavy
weapons seem tied up the dreadnut is
free to engage but now the ASM have
disengaged so so to does the dreadn
fearing the retribution of that last
Cannon and another Bai execute but kind
of like hi
what
for St guard Hellfire rounds plus APO
Bolter doing some serious damage here to
the gsman they they're wiping oh my God
he moved them way too far away from the
Chimera where is the Chimera oh the
Chimera rotated all the way over here to
try and deal with some tactical Marines
cuz they're decapping the back lines oh
[__] he sent the kishan in Jones to cap
this point and he did successfully cap
it something needs to get on that point
maybe a last Cannon
with the one of the gsman down and the
other gsman capping over here the C is
not really that important it just does a
trivial amount of piercing DPS not
really a big deal another bionic execute
ens right now sorry buens are trying to
reinforce off of the Chimera but they're
going to get stunned by the emperor's
fist bang Chimera too far away to get
the full reinforced and it can't even
move up thanks to the last cannon in the
back lines oh wow C living on one HP I
think the Bens oh wow are they going to
drag this down it's so close oh the
special attack attack the special
attack God damn special attack saves the
dreadnut Kimera going in to get the
reinforc and the buens gets it is empor
fist back
no uh this is so yeah they've got too
many models my guy that was not a very
good idea if you had Emperor's fist that
would have worked [__] hell we've got
pevs now what the hell ASM over here
dispatch the guardsman
Gman probably should have broke their
retreat with a commissar and start
shooting them with plasma guns these ASM
are very low on
HP the game is becoming critical in
terms of VPS right now but there's not
enough units for Jones I don't think
yeah bu's in Retreat commissar dead heav
weapons team
down no good ASM can jump on these
Guardsmen probably
should ah he's going to back out just
jump on him play them you got the three
to zero cap he's going to win Jones
can't possibly get out in time
wow yeah big throw from Jones there man
I don't even know what the [__] happened
angels of death beautifully used by
piano there in that final
engagement why he went for buens prior
to the Leman Russ I am quite
unsure it seems quite obvious you're
fting a dreadnut you go for Leman Russ
there was only a last Cannon just tie
that up with
orens and I don't really think the
bionic ey worked out at all it kind of
wrecked Jon's economy he executed a lot
of orens and even buens in the end there
really to no avail it's a good war game
but you got to time it right he was
executing them when they were way out of
combat and they just didn't achieve
anything you know piano just backed off
and was like okay yeah I'll just wait
that out cheers for killing an ogrin
mate and then just went back into combat
afterwards so generally with that gear
you want to get into combat because one
of the big advantages of the Bion ey I
can't show you it here but it heals the
other models in the squad when you
execute the one dude so it's suppression
immunity it's the the common double
damage that you get from any execute and
plus speed and it heals the other models
in the squad so the idea is your Orin
are already
fighting they've lost 30% Health but
they've still got full models execute
one of them and then the other models
will all get healed to full
and then you can combine that with a use
your Ed which knocks the enemy over and
then you've got double damage and a
speed boost and you can't be suppressed
the enem is knocked over and then you
get wipes but if you just use it when
the enemies are all like here and you're
down here they're going to see it coming
and all they need to do is use one
saucer knot back which the airo has
plenty of and they just walk away and
then it wears off and it's like yeah you
just paired what is it 56 or 60
requisition and 12 to 15 power for an
Oren model really
expensive nevertheless it's nice to see
Jones playing there without any
Sentinel cool to see and nice to see
some AO and some Space
Marines question for you guys is how
much Space Marines do you want to see on
the
channel let me know down below that's
going to be all from you Bo this time I
am signing out e
[Music]